# Choosing a framework: combating descision paralysis
## Are you ready for a framework?
You may not be ready to choose a javscript framework for web. Current web design is like the wild west, with various different tools, frameworks and libraries vying to solve the same solutions. Without a solid foundation of javscript, html and css you simply will not be flexible enough to be able to easily switch between frameworks, or have much more difficulty in doing so. It is almost a given that whatever framework you choose will eventually become obsolete, and if you are unable to freely learn and switch between frameworks you will become stuck working on an obsolete technology. 

Having strong foundations can be compared to the way a classical muscisian is trained to understand music itself, and all of it's complexities. They are able to transition and play a wide variety of different genres, because of their strong musical foundations. Muscisians that have only trained in the specifics of pop or rock may find it difficult or even impossible to change to another genre of music, because they lack that foundation. 

If you are unsure which camp you fall into, start a small project and limit youself to only vanilla javascript, css and html. Add a simple ajax call and form validation to your website. If you feel confident iility to create a functioning website, you're probably ready to start on a framework. Just because you are working on something like React or vue, it doesn't mean you are not contining to learn native web development skills, so you don't need to be an expert going in. You do need enough knowloedge to be able to differentiate between what 

## I'm ready, tell me which is the best
Currently which framework is the best to learn for a beginner? You could ask 20 different web developers and get 20 different answers and 20 different resons for their answers. There are about a thousand different developers that completely disagree with my opening paragraph. All of these developers are completely correct. As you progress in in your web development career you will find that no matter how trivial or inane a descision is, there is about 10 different ways to accomplish it, non of which stand out as the correct answer. You ask your senior which is the best, and he answers with the dreaded and ever looming **It Depends**. This is always the answer, to every questions in computer science, usually backed up with knowledge about bundle sizes and page load sizes, bloated node depencies and increasing code complexity. This answer is not very helpful if you have never  